From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Wed Sep  7 10:19:04 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Wed,  7 Sep 2016 10:19:04 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 365] New: Replication Lag? - All nodes appear to
 lag when a single provider node is unreachable
Message-ID: <bug-365-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=365

           Summary: Replication Lag? - All nodes appear to lag when a
                    single provider node is unreachable
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: devel
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: All
            Status: NEW
          Severity: minor
          Priority: low
         Component: slon
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: glynastill at yahoo.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


This bug was reported on Slony1-general back in February here:

    http://lists.slony.info/pipermail/slony1-general/2016-February/013267.html

I read the message and recalled seeing similar behaviour myself, but then got
waylaid by something else and forgot about it.

I remembered just now, and could reproduce it in a quick test with 2.2.4 (I'm
assuming this hasn't been fixed in 2.2.5) as follows:

 - Have multiple subscribers to a set that are also providers / were subscribed
with FORWARD = YES
 - Stop postgres on one of those subscribers

What appears to happen is that changes are still replicated to the remaining
subscribers, and confirms are generated on those subscribers but they don't
manage to make their way back to the origin until the postgres instance we
stopped is started again.

In my test setup I've 4 nodes, as follows (though I'm pretty sure node 5 being
subscribed to node 4 is irrelevent to the issue):

node 8 = origin of set
node 7 = forwarding subscriber to set, subscribed to node 8
node 4 = forwarding subscriber to set, subscribed to node 8
node 5 = forwarding subscriber to set, subscribed to node 4

Here is the log from the slon against the origin (node 8):

2016-09-07_155951 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_155951 BSTWARN   remoteListenThread_5: DB connection failed - sleep
10 seconds

2016-09-07_155951 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_155951 BSTERROR  remoteWorkerThread_7: cannot connect to data
provider 5 on 'dbname=TEST host=192.168.0.102 user=slony'

2016-09-07_155958 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_155958 BSTERROR  remoteWorkerThread_4: cannot connect to data
provider 5 on 'dbname=TEST host=192.168.0.102 user=slony'

2016-09-07_160001 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_160001 BSTWARN   remoteListenThread_5: DB connection failed - sleep
10 seconds

And on another subscriber (node 7):

2016-09-07_155957 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_155957 BSTERROR  remoteWorkerThread_4: cannot connect to data
provider 5 on 'dbname=TEST host=192.168.0.102 user=slony'

2016-09-07_160001 BSTERROR  slon_connectdb: PQconnectdb("dbname=TEST
host=192.168.0.102 user=slony") failed - could not connect to server:
Connection refused
        Is the server running on host "192.168.0.102" and accepting
        TCP/IP connections on port 5432?
2016-09-07_160001 BSTWARN   remoteListenThread_5: DB connection failed - sleep
10 seconds

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Tue Sep 13 08:45:28 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Tue, 13 Sep 2016 08:45:28 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 366] New: Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks
 proseries phone number _ Quickbooks proseries support phone number intuit
 proseries support phone number UK USA AUS
Message-ID: <bug-366-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=366

           Summary: Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone
                    number _ Quickbooks proseries support phone number
                    intuit proseries support phone number UK USA AUS
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 2.0
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: rpm
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: quickbooksprosereis at engineer.com
                CC: devrim at gunduz.org
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number UK USA AUS
Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number Quickbooks
+1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks proseries support
phone number intuit proseries support phone number
Quickbooks Proseries Helpline Number
1 ::~Help Usa@ +18~88~436~4111...((( Quickbooks Proseries Support Number...
2 ::~Help Usa@ +18~88~436~4111...((( quickbooks proseries support phone
number...
3 ::~Help Usa@ 18~88~436~4111((( intuit proseries support phone number...
4 Intuit Help... 18~88~436~4111 QuickBooks tech support phone number ,
QuickBooks technical support phone number
5 Intuit Help...18~88~436~4111 QuickBooks pro tech support phone number ,
QuickBooks pro technical support phone number
6 Intuit Help... 18~88~436~4111 QuickBooks payroll tech support phone number ,
QuickBooks payroll technical support phone number

Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number 
???Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ??? 
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???
Quickbooks proseries????+1888(436)4111????Quickbooks proseries support phone
number Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks proseries phone number _ Quickbooks
proseries support phone number intuit proseries support phone number  ???

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Wed Sep 14 16:04:35 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Wed, 14 Sep 2016 16:04:35 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 366] Quickbooks +1888(436)4111 QuickBooks
 proseries phone number _ Quickbooks proseries support phone number intuit
 proseries support phone number UK USA AUS
In-Reply-To: <bug-366-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>
References: <bug-366-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>
Message-ID: <20160914230435.6C7C629154E@main.slony.info>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=366

Steve Singer <ssinger at ca.afilias.info> changed:

           What    |Removed                     |Added
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
             Status|NEW                         |RESOLVED
         Resolution|                            |INVALID

--- Comment #1 from Steve Singer <ssinger at ca.afilias.info> 2016-09-14 16:04:35 PDT ---
SPAM

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Mon Sep 19 13:55:58 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2016 13:55:58 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 367] New: service number 18557092847 canon
 printer tech support phone number helpline phone number
Message-ID: <bug-367-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=367

           Summary: service number 18557092847 canon printer tech support
                    phone number helpline phone number
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 1.1
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: other scripts
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: xdbfgfg at codehot.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


re <:::: /@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!@#&CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer technical suppOrt phOne number USA UST<::::
/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech
suppOrt phOne number USA UST<::: /@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer
suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer
custOmer service @@@++@@++I+855+7O9+2847 !!++++@@+++@@@@+CANON printer suppOrt
phOne number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA JUST<:::
/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech
suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer
service@@!!((*I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA, CANON printer technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer phOne number
CANON printer custOmer care phOne number brOhter printer custOmer care number
CANON printer tOll free phOne number CANON printer suppOrt CANON suppOrt CANON
printers suppOrt CANON custOmer service CANON printer help CANON tech suppOrt
CANON printer custOmer service CANON printer tech suppOrt CANON technical
suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOting CANON printers trOubleshOOting CANON
internatiOnal CANONs printer suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt CANON printer
technical suppOrt CANON printer repair CANON printer helpline CANON printers
custOmer service CANON service center CANONs printers suppOrt CANON helpline
CANON custOmer service phOne number install CANON printer CANON printers tech
suppOrt CANON printer suppOrt number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt CANON
printer cOntact number CANON printer prOblems CANON printers help CANON printer
service CANON printer service center CANON printer cOntact CANON custOmer
service number CANON printers helpline CANON suppOrt number CANON printer
repairs CANON printer scanner CANON printers phOne number CANON printers
custOmer suppOrt CANON suppOrt center CANON tech suppOrt phOne number CANONs
printers custOmer service CANON printer custOmer service number CANON printers
technical suppOrt CANON printer helpline number CANON suppOrt phOne number
CANON suppOrt printer CANON technical suppOrt number CANON printers cOntact
trOubleshOOting CANON printer CANON printer phOne suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne number trOubleshOOt CANON printer CANON printers cOntact number
CANONs custOmer service CANON printer number CANON phOne suppOrt CANON
trOubleshOOting CANON printer custOmer care CANON printer help desk drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON mfc
CANON printer custOmer suppOrt number CANON printers technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer hOtline cOntact number fOr CANON printers CANON printer
CANON.cOm suppOrt cOntact CANON printer suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOt
CANON telephOne suppOrt CANON printers custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer help phOne number CANON custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer
tech suppOrt phOne CANON.ca suppOrt CANON printer Online CANON multifunctiOn
printer printer suppOrt CANON printer help CANON mfc printer technical suppOrt
fOr CANON printers CANON tech suppOrt number email suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne mfc CANON CANON hl227Odw CANON printers website CANON printer
suppOrt CANON printers repair repair CANON printer CANON printers suppOrt CANON
helpline number CANON scanner printer CANON printers service CANON printers
custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer phOne number custOmer service
CANON printers review www.CANON.cOm suppOrt fOr CANON printer CANON printer
repair service CANON printer phOne number fOr CANON printer suppOrt CANON
printer website CANON printers custOmer service phOne CANON printer prOblems
and sOlutiOns CANONs printers custOmer service phOne number custOmer service
CANON printer sOlutiOn CANON CANON fax suppOrt mfc CANON printer CANON printer
custOmer service phOne CANON printer help number CANON mfc-846On drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON CANON
printer custOmer service/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Mon Sep 19 13:57:13 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2016 13:57:13 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 368] New: contact number +++@@@
 18557092847@@@+++ customer service pone number helpline
Message-ID: <bug-368-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=368

           Summary: contact number +++@@@ 18557092847@@@+++ customer
                    service pone number helpline
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 1.1
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: altperl
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: xdbfgfg at codehot.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


???++++((1-85570-92847)))????canon printer(+1-85570-92847) support phone number
? ?? ?? ?? ?1((.8.5.5.7.0.9.2.8.4.7))??canon printer technical support phone
number?canon?(1855)(709)(2847) printer customer service toll free number
usa??canada?1((.8.5.5.7.0.9.2.8.4.7))??canon printer technical support phone
number?canon?(1855)(709)(2847) printer customer service toll free number
usa??canada? ?? ?? ?? ??1((.8.5.5.7.0.9.2.8.4.7))??canon printer technical
support phone number?canon?(1855)(709)(2847) printer customer service toll free
number usa??canada????(canon)printer(((1.8.44.709.55.65)))technical support
number..??tech support number??customer support??toll-free??customer
service??helpline support number usa CANADa///USA CANON
Printer(1855)(709)(2847)Support Toll Free Phone Number
*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer 1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone
newyork,alska,californiaCANON Tech support number !!!!(1-855-709-28-47)!!!
.CANON Printer Tech support number NortonTechsupportnumber Support Phone Number
CANON Printer Customer Care Phone Number uSa CANON Printer? .1-855-709-28-47
.Support Phone Number CANON Printer Customer Care Phone Number uSa.pdf File
CANON Printer? .1-855-709-28-47 .Support Phone Number CANON Printer Customer
Care *(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer 1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service
phone newyork,alska,caCANON Printer(1855)(709)(2847)Support Toll Free Phone
Number
liforniaPhone Number 1-855-709-28-47 KB (added by stanleyshriver1, 80 seconds
ago) CANON Printer .1-855-709-28-47 .support phone number CANON Printer
customer care phone number usa.pdf.pdf File CANON Printer 1-855-709-28-47
support phone number CANON Printer customer care phone num*(24*7~~call~~Help$$
CANON Printer 1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone
newyork,alska,californiaber usa.pdf.pdf, 46.0 KB (added by winuser0999, 2
minutes ago) CANON Printer 1-855-709-28-47support phone number CANON Printer
customer care phone number usa.pdf*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone newyork,alska,california File CANON
Printer 1-855-709-28-47support phone number CANON Printer customer care phone
number usa.pdf, 96.2 KB (1-855-709-28-47 CANON 1-855-709-28-47CANON Printer
helpline, CANON Printer technical support phone number, CANON Printer tech
support number 1-855-709-28-47 CANON Printer tech support phone number USA
!!Call aus 1-855-709-*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone newyork,alska,california28-47CANON
Tech Support Phone Number UK-1-855-709-28-47 CANON support number, CANON
support, CANON Printer support, CANON tech support, CANON technical support,
CANON customer service number, CANON customer service, CANON tech support
number, CANON support center, CANON Printer support number, hewlett packard
support, CANON contact number, CANON phone number, CANON help and support,
CANON1-855-709-28-47 customer support, *(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone newyork,alska,california CANON Printer
help1-855-709-28-47, CANON technical support number, CANON support phone
number, hewlett packard customer service, CANON Printers support, CANON
customer service phone number, CANON number, CANON customer care, CANON
contact, CANON tech support phone number, CANON support chat, CANON customer
support number, CANON customer care number, contact CANON support, CANON help,
CANON phone, CANON Printer support phone number, CANON customer support phone
number, CANON Printer tech support, 1-855-709-28-47 1-855-709-28-47 CANON phone
support, CANON technical support phone number, CANON laptop support number,
hewlett packard Antivirus support, CANON helpline, CANON telephone support,
CANON online support, CANON support contact, CANON chat support, hewlett
packard phone number, CANON Printer customer service, CANON Printer tech
support number, CANON product support, hewlett packard 1-855-709-28-47 customer
service phone number, CANON computer su*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone
newyork,alska,california*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone
newyork,alska,california*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone
newyork,alska,california*(24*7~~call~~Help$$ CANON Printer
1+85-57-09-28-47-7customer service phone newyork,alska,californiapport number,
CANON support contact number, CANON support Antivirus, CANON computer support,
CANON tech support chat, CANON helpline number, CANON laptop support, hewlett
packard tech support, CANON online chat, hewlett packard technical support,
CANON Printer help line, phone number for CANON support, hewlett packard
support phone number, CANON Printer technical support, hewlett packard customer
service number, CANON service number, hewlett packard helpline, CANON customer
care no,1-855-709-28-47CANON Printer customer service number, CANON help
number, CANON Printer customer service phone number, CANON 1888 number, CANON
support phone, CANON support line, hewlett packard contact number, CANON
Printer tech support phone number, CANON Printer customer support phone number,
CANON Printers help, call CANON support, CANON Printer support chat, hewlett
packard support number, hewlett packard tech support number, CANON support
telephone number, hewlett packard tech support phone number, call Norton, CANON
contact support, hewlett packard technical support phone number, CANON support
centre, hewlett packard customer support, CANON desktop support, CANON laptop
customer service, contact CANON Printer support, CANON pc support, CANON laptop
customer care number, CANON support for Antiviruss, CANON Printer customer
care, CANON customer care phone number, hewlett packard help, phone number for
Norton, CANON online help, CANON laptop customer care, CANON helpline phone
number, CANON Printer customer support, CANON technical support chat, CANON
computer help, CANON support numbers, CANON technical support contact number,
CANON telephone number, CANON Printer technical support phone number, CANON
Printer helpline, CANON support Antiviruss, CANON support online, CANON Printer
contact number, CANON help phone number, CANON Printer customer care number,
contact hewlett packard by phone, CANON Printer phone support, hewlett packard
Antiviruss support, CANON tech support phone, CANON technical help, CANON
laptop tech support number, contact CANON by phone, CANON support call, CANON
computers support, hewlett packard customer service telephone number, phone
number for hewlett packard, CANON online support chat, CANON laptop customer
service number, CANON online chat support, CANON Printers customer service,
hewlett packard customer service phone, CANON laptop tech support, CANON
service phone number, hewlett packard Antivirus help, phone number for CANON
Printers, CANON troubleshooting phone number, CANON 888 number, hewlett packard
technical support number, contact CANON support phone, phone number for CANON
Printer support, CANON customer support chat, CANON help and support number,
contact hewlett packard, CANON laptop support phone number, CANON Printers
customer service phone number, CANON laptop customer service phone number,
CANON computer support phone number, CANON pavilion support, CANON computer
customer service, CANON customer services, hewlett packard telephone number,
CANON helpline no, CANON help desk number, contact CANON support phone number,
hewlett packard contact, CANON phone numbers, CANON Printers customer care
number, CANON Printer help and support, contact CANON technical support, CANON
contact numbers, contact CANON support chat, call CANON tech support, CANON
customer service phone, CANON help support, CANON computer tech support, CANON
assistance phone number, CANON customer service telephone number, hewlett
packard Antivirus support phone number, CANON contact support number, CANON
support center phone number, CANON support phone numbers, tech support for
Norton, CANON it support, CANON laptop helpline, CANON technical, CANON laptop
technical support number, CANON Printers tech support phone number, CANON
Printers support phone number, hewlett packard help desk phone number, CANON
computer tech support phone number, CANON customer service number for laptop,
CANON Printer helpline number, contact CANON support by phone, hewlett packard
support center, CANON laptop customer care no, CANON Printer support telephone
number, CANON support services, CANON customer service number for Antiviruss,
CANON product support number, CANON laptop tech support phone number, CANON
Printer helpline phone number, contact CANON customer support, hewlett packard
customer support phone number, CANON Printers technical support, CANON customer
care center, support for CANON Printers, CANON Printer support center, phone
number for CANON tech support, CANON desktop customer care number, CANON
laptops support, CANON Printer online support, CANON Printer phone number,
hewlett packard Antiviruss support phone number, technical support for CANON
Printers phone number, CANON help center phone number

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Mon Sep 19 14:25:37 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2016 14:25:37 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 369] New: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon
 printer tech support phone number helpline number customer support phone
 number
Message-ID: <bug-369-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=369

           Summary: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon printer tech
                    support phone number helpline number  customer support
                    phone number
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 1.1
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: altperl
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: xdbfgfg at codehot.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


canon printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA UST<:::
/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech
suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer service @@@++@@++I+855+7O9+2847
!!++++@@+++@@@@+CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech suppOrt
phOne number USA JUST<::: /@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer
service@@!!((*I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA, CANON printer technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer phOne number
CANON printer custOmer care phOne number brOhter printer custOmer care number
CANON printer tOll free phOne number CANON printer suppOrt CANON suppOrt CANON
printers suppOrt CANON custOmer service CANON printer help CANON tech suppOrt
CANON printer custOmer service CANON printer tech suppOrt CANON technical
suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOting CANON printers trOubleshOOting CANON
internatiOnal CANONs printer suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt CANON printer
technical suppOrt CANON printer repair CANON printer helpline CANON printers
custOmer service CANON service center CANONs printers suppOrt CANON helpline
CANON custOmer service phOne number install CANON printer CANON printers tech
suppOrt CANON printer suppOrt number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt CANON
printer cOntact number CANON printer prOblems CANON printers help CANON printer
service CANON printer service center CANON printer cOntact CANON custOmer
service number CANON printers helpline CANON suppOrt number CANON printer
repairs CANON printer scanner CANON printers phOne number CANON printers
custOmer suppOrt CANON suppOrt center CANON tech suppOrt phOne number CANONs
printers custOmer service CANON printer custOmer service number CANON printers
technical suppOrt CANON printer helpline number CANON suppOrt phOne number
CANON suppOrt printer CANON technical suppOrt number CANON printers cOntact
trOubleshOOting CANON printer CANON printer phOne suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne number trOubleshOOt CANON printer CANON printers cOntact number
CANONs custOmer service CANON printer number CANON phOne suppOrt CANON
trOubleshOOting CANON printer custOmer care CANON printer help desk drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON mfc
CANON printer custOmer suppOrt number CANON printers technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer hOtline cOntact number fOr CANON printers CANON printer
CANON.cOm suppOrt cOntact CANON printer suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOt
CANON telephOne suppOrt CANON printers custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer help phOne number CANON custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer
tech suppOrt phOne CANON.ca suppOrt CANON printer Online CANON multifunctiOn
printer printer suppOrt CANON printer help CANON mfc printer technical suppOrt
fOr CANON printers CANON tech suppOrt number email suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne mfc CANON CANON hl227Odw CANON printers website CANON printer
suppOrt CANON printers repair repair CANON printer CANON printers suppOrt CANON
helpline number CANON scanner printer CANON printers service CANON printers
custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer phOne number custOmer service
CANON printers review www.CANON.cOm suppOrt fOr CANON printer CANON printer
repair service CANON printer phOne number fOr CANON printer suppOrt CANON
printer website CANON printers custOmer service phOne CANON printer prOblems
and sOlutiOns CANONs printers custOmer service phOne number custOmer service
CANON printer sOlutiOn CANON CANON fax suppOrt mfc CANON printer CANON printer
custOmer service phOne CANON printer help number CANON mfc-846On drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON CANON
printer custOmer service/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Mon Sep 19 14:25:43 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2016 14:25:43 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 370] New: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon
 printer tech support phone number helpline number customer support phone
 number
Message-ID: <bug-370-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=370

           Summary: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon printer tech
                    support phone number helpline number  customer support
                    phone number
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 1.1
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: altperl
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: xdbfgfg at codehot.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


canon printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA UST<:::
/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech
suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer service @@@++@@++I+855+7O9+2847
!!++++@@+++@@@@+CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech suppOrt
phOne number USA JUST<::: /@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer
service@@!!((*I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA, CANON printer technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer phOne number
CANON printer custOmer care phOne number brOhter printer custOmer care number
CANON printer tOll free phOne number CANON printer suppOrt CANON suppOrt CANON
printers suppOrt CANON custOmer service CANON printer help CANON tech suppOrt
CANON printer custOmer service CANON printer tech suppOrt CANON technical
suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOting CANON printers trOubleshOOting CANON
internatiOnal CANONs printer suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt CANON printer
technical suppOrt CANON printer repair CANON printer helpline CANON printers
custOmer service CANON service center CANONs printers suppOrt CANON helpline
CANON custOmer service phOne number install CANON printer CANON printers tech
suppOrt CANON printer suppOrt number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt CANON
printer cOntact number CANON printer prOblems CANON printers help CANON printer
service CANON printer service center CANON printer cOntact CANON custOmer
service number CANON printers helpline CANON suppOrt number CANON printer
repairs CANON printer scanner CANON printers phOne number CANON printers
custOmer suppOrt CANON suppOrt center CANON tech suppOrt phOne number CANONs
printers custOmer service CANON printer custOmer service number CANON printers
technical suppOrt CANON printer helpline number CANON suppOrt phOne number
CANON suppOrt printer CANON technical suppOrt number CANON printers cOntact
trOubleshOOting CANON printer CANON printer phOne suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne number trOubleshOOt CANON printer CANON printers cOntact number
CANONs custOmer service CANON printer number CANON phOne suppOrt CANON
trOubleshOOting CANON printer custOmer care CANON printer help desk drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON mfc
CANON printer custOmer suppOrt number CANON printers technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer hOtline cOntact number fOr CANON printers CANON printer
CANON.cOm suppOrt cOntact CANON printer suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOt
CANON telephOne suppOrt CANON printers custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer help phOne number CANON custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer
tech suppOrt phOne CANON.ca suppOrt CANON printer Online CANON multifunctiOn
printer printer suppOrt CANON printer help CANON mfc printer technical suppOrt
fOr CANON printers CANON tech suppOrt number email suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne mfc CANON CANON hl227Odw CANON printers website CANON printer
suppOrt CANON printers repair repair CANON printer CANON printers suppOrt CANON
helpline number CANON scanner printer CANON printers service CANON printers
custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer phOne number custOmer service
CANON printers review www.CANON.cOm suppOrt fOr CANON printer CANON printer
repair service CANON printer phOne number fOr CANON printer suppOrt CANON
printer website CANON printers custOmer service phOne CANON printer prOblems
and sOlutiOns CANONs printers custOmer service phOne number custOmer service
CANON printer sOlutiOn CANON CANON fax suppOrt mfc CANON printer CANON printer
custOmer service phOne CANON printer help number CANON mfc-846On drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON CANON
printer custOmer service/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

From bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info  Mon Sep 19 14:25:43 2016
From: bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info (bugzilla-daemon at main.slony.info)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2016 14:25:43 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Slony1-bugs] [Bug 371] New: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon
 printer tech support phone number helpline number customer support phone
 number
Message-ID: <bug-371-4@http.www.slony.info/bugzilla/>

http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=371

           Summary: CAll 24X7 USA UK 1 855 709 2847 Canon printer tech
                    support phone number helpline number  customer support
                    phone number
           Product: Slony-I
           Version: 1.1
          Platform: PC
        OS/Version: Windows
            Status: NEW
          Severity: enhancement
          Priority: low
         Component: altperl
        AssignedTo: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
        ReportedBy: xdbfgfg at codehot.co.uk
                CC: slony1-bugs at lists.slony.info
   Estimated Hours: 0.0


canon printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA UST<:::
/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech
suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer service @@@++@@++I+855+7O9+2847
!!++++@@+++@@@@+CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer tech suppOrt
phOne number USA JUST<::: /@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA CANON printer custOmer
service@@!!((*I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@@CANON printer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA, CANON printer technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON printer phOne number
CANON printer custOmer care phOne number brOhter printer custOmer care number
CANON printer tOll free phOne number CANON printer suppOrt CANON suppOrt CANON
printers suppOrt CANON custOmer service CANON printer help CANON tech suppOrt
CANON printer custOmer service CANON printer tech suppOrt CANON technical
suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOting CANON printers trOubleshOOting CANON
internatiOnal CANONs printer suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt CANON printer
technical suppOrt CANON printer repair CANON printer helpline CANON printers
custOmer service CANON service center CANONs printers suppOrt CANON helpline
CANON custOmer service phOne number install CANON printer CANON printers tech
suppOrt CANON printer suppOrt number CANON printer custOmer suppOrt CANON
printer cOntact number CANON printer prOblems CANON printers help CANON printer
service CANON printer service center CANON printer cOntact CANON custOmer
service number CANON printers helpline CANON suppOrt number CANON printer
repairs CANON printer scanner CANON printers phOne number CANON printers
custOmer suppOrt CANON suppOrt center CANON tech suppOrt phOne number CANONs
printers custOmer service CANON printer custOmer service number CANON printers
technical suppOrt CANON printer helpline number CANON suppOrt phOne number
CANON suppOrt printer CANON technical suppOrt number CANON printers cOntact
trOubleshOOting CANON printer CANON printer phOne suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne number trOubleshOOt CANON printer CANON printers cOntact number
CANONs custOmer service CANON printer number CANON phOne suppOrt CANON
trOubleshOOting CANON printer custOmer care CANON printer help desk drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON mfc
CANON printer custOmer suppOrt number CANON printers technical suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer hOtline cOntact number fOr CANON printers CANON printer
CANON.cOm suppOrt cOntact CANON printer suppOrt CANON printer trOubleshOOt
CANON telephOne suppOrt CANON printers custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANON
printer help phOne number CANON custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer
tech suppOrt phOne CANON.ca suppOrt CANON printer Online CANON multifunctiOn
printer printer suppOrt CANON printer help CANON mfc printer technical suppOrt
fOr CANON printers CANON tech suppOrt number email suppOrt CANON printers
suppOrt phOne mfc CANON CANON hl227Odw CANON printers website CANON printer
suppOrt CANON printers repair repair CANON printer CANON printers suppOrt CANON
helpline number CANON scanner printer CANON printers service CANON printers
custOmer service telephOne number CANON printer phOne number custOmer service
CANON printers review www.CANON.cOm suppOrt fOr CANON printer CANON printer
repair service CANON printer phOne number fOr CANON printer suppOrt CANON
printer website CANON printers custOmer service phOne CANON printer prOblems
and sOlutiOns CANONs printers custOmer service phOne number custOmer service
CANON printer sOlutiOn CANON CANON fax suppOrt mfc CANON printer CANON printer
custOmer service phOne CANON printer help number CANON mfc-846On drivers fOr
CANON printers CANON technical suppOrt phOne number CANON custOmer service
phOne cOntact CANON printers CANON printer custOmer care number CANON help desk
CANON Online suppOrt CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne number CANONs printer
custOmer service CANON printer mfc CANON printers tech suppOrt phOne number
CANON service CANONs tech suppOrt CANON printers custOmer service phOne number
CANON printer install CANON laser printers CANONs printers suppOrt CANON
printer CANON printer service centre CANON printer updates CANON inkjet printer
cOntact CANON suppOrt CANON tech suppOrt phOne CANON lc61 CANONs printers tech
suppOrt printers Online cOntact CANON printer CANONs printer CANON label
printer CANON custOmer suppOrt phOne CANON printers custOmer suppOrt number
CANON suppOrt centre CANON laser printer CANON printer custOmer service suppOrt
CANON wireless printer setup buy CANON printer Online CANON printer tech
suppOrt number CANON netwOrk printer CANON printers custOmer service number
custOmer service fOr CANON printers CANON service centre CANON wireless printer
CANON printers CANON custOmer care CANON printer Online suppOrt CANON printer
tOll free number phOne number fOr CANON printers CANON printer installatiOn
CANON printers help desk CANON printer suppOrt phOne service CANON CANON CANON
printer custOmer service/@!!((I+855+7O9+2847+))!!@CANON printer suppOrt phOne
number CANON printer tech suppOrt phOne number USA

-- 
Configure bugmail: http://www.slony.info/bugzilla/userprefs.cgi?tab=email
------- You are receiving this mail because: -------
You are on the CC list for the bug.
You are the assignee for the bug.

